README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), using the [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) and [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) template.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

# Documentation

## Layout and design

The website design is made using the Chakra UI component library.

### Header

The Header was made using the Chakra UI Flex component, which again contains a Flex component, the SmallLogin and the ColorModeSwitcher componenent. The background-color to the Header changes depending on the color mode using the const bgcolor. bgcolor uses the Chakra UI hook useColorModeValue, which allows you to choose two colors depending on the colormode selected.

### ColorModeSwitcher

The ColorModeSwitcher is a component from Chakra UI that supplies an easy-to-use icon-button that allows you to change the colormode, and which works with the useColorModeValue hook.

### Web accessibility

According to the Web Accessibility Initiative it’s most efficient and effective to incorporate accessibility from the very beginning of projects, so you don’t need go back and to re-do work. Because of this we worked on making our website accessible from the start. A lot of our knowledge on this subject comes from the Web Accessibility Initiative (w3.org). We found that this source had a lot of thorough information about how we could make our website as inclusive as possible.

The first thing we focused on was text alternatives as equivalents for non-text content. We implemented short equivalents for images, including icons, buttons, and graphics. Secondly, we made labels for form controls, input, and other user interface components.

Our second focus area was to make the content easily distinguishable. This is to make everything easier to see and hear. We made sure that color isn’t used as the only way of conveying information or identifying content. It was also important to us that default foreground and background color combinations provide sufficient contrast.

We chose to test one aspect of web accessibility by trying to navigate it with a screen reader. Because all the developers on this project can navigate most web pages without problem, we found that we couldn’t judge very well how accessible the web page was. Testing with a screen reader helped us find spelling mistakes, check the accuracy and quality of our alternative image texts and helped us identify problems with reading order, form elements, and many other aspects of accessibility.

Commit message:

Added documentation for searching, filtering and sorting.

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), using the [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) and [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) template.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

# Documentation

## Layout and design

### Web accessibility

According to the Web Accessibility Initiative it’s most efficient and effective to incorporate accessibility from the very beginning of projects, so you don’t need go back and to re-do work. Because of this we worked on making our website accessible from the start. A lot of our knowledge on this subject comes from the Web Accessibility Initiative (w3.org). We found that this source had a lot of thorough information about how we could make our website as inclusive as possible.

The first thing we focused on was text alternatives as equivalents for non-text content. We implemented short equivalents for images, including icons, buttons, and graphics. Secondly, we made labels for form controls, input, and other user interface components.

Our second focus area was to make the content easily distinguishable. This is to make everything easier to see and hear. We made sure that color isn’t used as the only way of conveying information or identifying content. It was also important to us that default foreground and background color combinations provide sufficient contrast.

We chose to test one aspect of web accessibility by trying to navigate it with a screen reader. Because all the developers on this project can navigate most web pages without problem, we found that we couldn’t judge very well how accessible the web page was. Testing with a screen reader helped us find spelling mistakes, check the accuracy and quality of our alternative image texts and helped us identify problems with reading order, form elements, and many other aspects of accessibility.

## Searching
Searching is achieved using the SearchBar.tsx component, GraphQL + Apollo and Redux. The SearchBar sets the input as _query_ onChange(). When submitted using the 'Submit' button, _query_  replaces the graphql paramater _filter_, using the Redux dispatch method and setFilter(query).

## Filtering
Filtering is achieved using the WeightSlider.tsx component, GraphQL + Apollo and Redux. The WeightSlider uses the RangeSlider component from the Chakra-UI library to retrieve to variables, minimum weight and maximum weight. When the user releases the slider, the min and max values replaces the GraphQL paramater _minWeight_ and _maxWeight_ paramaters, using the Redux dispatch method and setMinWeight() and setMaxWeight().

## Sorting
Sorting is achieved using the SortDropdownMenu.tsx component, GraphQL + Apollo and Redux. SortDropdownMenu uses the Menu componenet from Chakra-UI with four items corresponding to the four paramaters the user can sort on. When the desired paramater has been selected, it replaces the GraphQL paramater _sort_, using the Redux dispatch method and setSort().
